sacred, like it was a vow explain sentences before christ i'm sorry but i just got knocked the fuck off my axis jesus fucking christ good lord oh god oh god oh god & my body my being me to my 7 y/o niece: don't let them tell you blood doesn't taste like a chocolate milkshake cowards rising, & pusillanimity — the lump in your throat is the limbic system trying to choke you. even your body calls for your death. even you. pain & pain again. did you realise, have you understood, & life. I am trembling and I am trembling and I am so happy so happy so happy so happy drinking whiskey older than you like maybe then people will take you seriously burn the body to facilitate the soul tapdancing, & train bladders — planning committee for everyone on this train to be spontaneously eviscerated a girl i think is called julie saw things and is going for coffee with me and maybe she saved me or maybe i'm just drunk DO YOU EVEN HAVE LUNGS LEFT, & people are terrible for my nerves & to be. #ff everybody Fiat iustoque pereat mundus. in the dry, i a line of every bump come so hard, your bones shatter and they still find traces of you on the wall a 100 years later. bad news is a good mother bones break every day & here's a man — baby mewls screaming wind ; xii. love me in the vatican & you, & you, i- all the babies, & kiss the herring for luck what if this entire time I've just been tweeting song lyrics nee, mama. well. it doesn't mean to abandon I AM NOT YOUR SALVATION are you real yet, can i still breathe you in. i'd like to keep you forever and ever. messer & TAKE ALL THE FLOWERS IN, & my heart hurts so very gloriously; greatly. COLLECT ALL THE TEARS; STRING ALL THE SHRUNKEN HEADS yes, two tabs on my tongue and mak• oh god, & proust — fingers across a powdery brow, or how I am not — yes dear, yes. how poignant are you at the apex? we fail through no fault of our own you lend yourself to so many personal ironies fuck your priest in penance but i don't want to know what you think& trembling what are the chances of you dying tonight? maybe do? & gregor-ious kites & hmmmmm types of girls: all death and lips and deduction, winter air and a clacking of teeth; soap scent and my bed. cold noses & ampersands. in wonder, & how punishing you are — homehomehomehomehome. chaffing & the silence, the still. flash fathers, flesh fathers you give yourself to all the girls named after hurricanes sweet mother of mary it's cold a nice thing would be edit my poetry for me On a scale of 1-10, how much do you want to die today? all the fathers up in arms, & predictably, my new favourite song is about tired ponies bleeding. you ascend my follower count hasn't dropped & no booze & all my cigarettes are stale why don't you smell like you could've been on fire the affirmation of austen, and
